README.md, before:

### About
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/tbk.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/tbk)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sagmor/tbk.png)](https://travis-ci.org/sagmor/tbk)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/sagmor/tbk.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sagmor/tbk)

This is a pure ruby replacement of Transbank's Binary Integration Kit (aka. KCC)
developed to simplify the integration with it's payment gateway Webpay.


### Disclaimer

This library is not developed, supported nor endorsed in any way by Transbank S.A.
and is the result of reverse engineering Transbank's Integration Kit (aka. KCC)
for interoperability purposes as allowed by
[Chilean Law 20.435 Article 71 Ñ Section b](http://www.leychile.cl/Navegar?idNorma=1012827)

### Usage

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tbk'
```

Configure your commerce

```ruby
TBK.configure do |config|
  config.commerce_id YOUR_COMMERCE_ID
  config.commerce_key YOUR_RSA_KEY
end
```

To start a payment from your application

```ruby
class WebpayController < ApplicationController

  # ...

  # Start a payment
  def pay
    # Setup the payment
    @payment = TBK::Webpay::Payment.new({
      request_ip: request.ip,
      amount: ORDER_AMOUNT,
      order_id: ORDER_ID,
      success_url: webpay_success_url,
      # Webpay can only access the HTTP protocol to a direct IP address (keep that in mind)
      confirmation_url: webpay_confirmation_url(host: SERVER_IP_ADDRESS, protocol: 'http'),

      # Optionaly supply:
      session_id: SOME_SESSION_VALUE,
      failure_url: webpay_failure_url # success_url is used by default
    })

    # Redirect the user to Webpay
    redirect_to @payment.redirect_url
  end

  # ...
end
```

And to process a payment

```ruby
class WebpayController < ApplicationController

  # ...

  # Confirmation callback executed from Webpay servers
  def confirmation
    # Read the confirmation data from the request
    @confirmation = TBK::Webpay::Confirmation.new({
      request_ip: request.ip,
      body: request.raw_post
    })

    if # confirmation is invalid for some reason (wrong order_id or amount, double payment, etc...)
      render text: @confirmation.reject
      return # reject and stop execution
    end

    if @confirmation.success?
      # EXITO!
      # perform everything you have to do here.
    end

    # Acknowledge payment
    render text: @confirmation.acknowledge
  end

  # ...

end
```

### Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/sagmor/tbk/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Add the official logger doc to the README

README.md, after:

### About
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/tbk.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/tbk)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sagmor/tbk.png)](https://travis-ci.org/sagmor/tbk)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/sagmor/tbk.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sagmor/tbk)

This is a pure ruby replacement of Transbank's Binary Integration Kit (aka. KCC)
developed to simplify the integration with it's payment gateway Webpay.


### Disclaimer

This library is not developed, supported nor endorsed in any way by Transbank S.A.
and is the result of reverse engineering Transbank's Integration Kit (aka. KCC)
for interoperability purposes as allowed by
[Chilean Law 20.435 Article 71 Ñ Section b](http://www.leychile.cl/Navegar?idNorma=1012827)

### Usage

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'tbk'
```

Configure your commerce

```ruby
TBK.configure do |config|
  config.commerce_id YOUR_COMMERCE_ID
  config.commerce_key YOUR_RSA_KEY

  # When certifying with Transbank you'll need to use the official logger
  config.webpay_logger :official do |logger|
    # On this path will be the config file and logs in the KCC format.
    logger.directory Rails.root.join('log/webpay')
  end
end
```

To start a payment from your application

```ruby
class WebpayController < ApplicationController

  # ...

  # Start a payment
  def pay
    # Setup the payment
    @payment = TBK::Webpay::Payment.new({
      request_ip: request.ip,
      amount: ORDER_AMOUNT,
      order_id: ORDER_ID,
      success_url: webpay_success_url,
      # Webpay can only access the HTTP protocol to a direct IP address (keep that in mind)
      confirmation_url: webpay_confirmation_url(host: SERVER_IP_ADDRESS, protocol: 'http'),

      # Optionaly supply:
      session_id: SOME_SESSION_VALUE,
      failure_url: webpay_failure_url # success_url is used by default
    })

    # Redirect the user to Webpay
    redirect_to @payment.redirect_url
  end

  # ...
end
```

And to process a payment

```ruby
class WebpayController < ApplicationController

  # ...

  # Confirmation callback executed from Webpay servers
  def confirmation
    # Read the confirmation data from the request
    @confirmation = TBK::Webpay::Confirmation.new({
      request_ip: request.ip,
      body: request.raw_post
    })

    if # confirmation is invalid for some reason (wrong order_id or amount, double payment, etc...)
      render text: @confirmation.reject
      return # reject and stop execution
    end

    if @confirmation.success?
      # EXITO!
      # perform everything you have to do here.
    end

    # Acknowledge payment
    render text: @confirmation.acknowledge
  end

  # ...

end
```

### Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/sagmor/tbk/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")
